Thoery:
-------

Q1:   What is emmet?
Ans:  Emmet is a type of plig-in used for code editors that allow high spped coding. 
      It allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full piece of code.

Q2:   Difference between Library and framework?
Ans:  Library is a collection of predefined helper functions, objects, classes, modules that can be used to speed up the developemnt.
      Using library, you can control the flow of the application and call the library.
      eg: React, Jquery

      Framework: Framework contains the basic flow and architecture of an application. It tells the developer what they need.
      A library doesn't. The programmer calls the library where and when they need it.
      eg: Angular

Q3:   What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans:  CDN stands for content delivery netwrok, refers as globally distributed group of servers that sync together to provide fast delivery
      content. The main use of a CDN is to deliver content through network of servers in a secure and efficient way.

Q4:   Why is React known as React?
Ans:  React is Javascript based library for building user interfaces. It encourages the creation of reusable UI components which present 
      data that changes over time. React will efficiently update and render the right components when your data changes. React has a declarative
      way that make your code more predictable and easier to debug.

Q5:   What is crossorigin in script tag?
Ans:  The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to 
      share the resources from one domain to another domain. Basically, it is used to handle the CORS request. It is used to handle 
      the CORS request that checks whether it is safe to allow for sharing the resources from other domains.

Q6:   What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans:  React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that allows React to interact 
      with the DOM. The react package contains React.createElement(), React.Component, React.Children, and other helpers related to 
      elements and component classes. You can think of these as the isomorphic or universal helpers that you need to build components. 
      The react-dom package contains ReactDOM.render(), and in react-dom/server we have server-side rendering support with 
      ReactDOMServer.renderToString() and ReactDOMServer.renderToStaticMarkup().

Q7:   What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans:  react.development.js is not optimized as does not have minified version so we are easily caught errors via console.
      whereas in react.production.js does have minified version, so the error displayed is also minified and becomes 
      difficult to debug as well. Due to minimified version, user will get better performance experience.

Q8:   What is async and defer?
Ans:  Async and Defer are boolean attributes which are used along with scripts tags to load external scripts efficiently
      in our wep page.

      Async: Parsing of HTML goes on and the scripts are fetched in async manner or parallely and as soon as scripts are
      available, the scripts are executed and after only, HTML parsing continues. Does not guarantee order of execution of scripts.
      Usecase: You have to load some external scripts which are quite modular.

      Defer: Parsing of HTML goes on and the scripts are fetched parallely from the network and only executed once the HTML parsing
      completed. Does guarantee order of execution of the scripts.
      Usecase: If the scripts are dependant on each other. then use Defer.